完善并补充部分文档 (#1640)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/scripting/reference/coding-standards.md

# Recommended coding standards

The following are the coding standards that the Cocos Creator development team use. They are included in the manual for game developers and tool developers reference.

## Naming standards

> - When we name the variables, functions and living examples, we use camelCase nomenclature

Author: ```suggestion
- When naming the variables, functions and instances, we use camelCase nomenclature:
```

> - When we name the variables, functions and living examples, we use camelCase nomenclature

Author: It should be **Instances**, I will collect it.
